Drive Flux Vent doesnt work. Tried it on a few ships. Didnt increase speed at all. Even tried it on ships that are quite maneuverable so I could actually reach top speed quickly. I tested when venting at almost 100% flux just in case.
Plasma Flux Catalyst doesn't double the effectiveness of caps and vents. Made sure to exit and enter station screen to refresh it just in case, as the description mentions it may not show up immediately.
Interference Shielding is weird. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. Not sure why.
Derelict Weapon Assistant doesnt seem to actually do anything to projectile speed as far as I can tell.
Infernal Engines is a bit iffy (burn level again.)
Spooled Feeders works fine, but you can see the UI even when it's installed on another ship in combat
Phasefield Engine - check if the ship has the PHASE hint
Hacked missile forge applies to AMBs

Limit exotics to 2 per ship, 3 with skill that increases S-Mods
Revert alpha subcore change

Daemon upgrade: https://game-icons.net/1x1/lorc/angular-spider.html
- tbd

Daemon exotic:
- Reactive Damper
- when taking damage to armor, pop a 1s damper field
- dampens the initial triggering damage
- only works on damage over 100
- cooldown tbd
- passive downside is increased armor damage taken

"I really like Hyperactive Capacitors because the main downside is very big and the bonuses do not directly alleviate it either. But the bonuses are still enormous so well worth considering.
 Same with Infernal Engines like I mentioned above.
 Meanwhile, both of Forced Overtime's downsides are alleviated by its upsides, making it mostly free of effective downsides."

 "Tracer Recoil Calculator feels too cheap because it's a 50 TB / s upgrade, yet it gives a whopping 0.7x recoil to all guns, while only costing you 0.84x weapon turnrate."

 "Like on Infernal Engines, it looks really good but that 0.76x deceleration is no joke."

 "Can use some more palpable downsides:
  Welded Armor
  Tracer Recoil Calculator
  Forced Overtime
  Maybe Overcharged Shields

  Feels too cheap for what it does:
  Tracer Recoil Calculator"